README.md, before:

# Hi ! I'm Sebi.
[![HTB](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTB-%23FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=hackthebox&logoColor=white)](https://app.hackthebox.com/users/1965214)
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/stan-sebastian-undefined-89263b333/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0072b1?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>
[![THM](https://img.shields.io/badge/THM-Blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=tryhackme&logoColor=white)](https://tryhackme.com/p/stansebastian215)

I m a student passionate about cybersecurity . Working consistently to improve my skills.

## Objective

My main goal is to explore the world of cybersecurity, learn new practical skills, and solve Capture The Flag (CTF) to deepen my knowledge with hands-on experience

## Scripts 

| SfLp |  Description |
|-----| -------|
| <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/SfLp"> WoGr | WriteOwner -> Group -> GenericWrite |

## UNR26-Prep 

| Labs |  Exploit |
|-----| -------|
| <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/shark"> shark | XSS  --> SSTI |
| <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/schematics"> schematics | SQL Inj |

## Labs

| Labs                                         | Labs Writeup          |
|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------|
| [ HTB ] Bastion       | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Bastion" > Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Backdoor      | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Backdoor/" > Walkthrough </a>|
| [ THM ] Lo-Fi          | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Lo-Fi" > Walkthrough </a>|
| [ THM ] Ignite           |<a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Ignite"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ THM ] UltraTech         | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-UltraTech"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Jerry           | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Jerry"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Blue             | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Blue/"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Legacy           | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Legacy" > Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Bank            | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Bank" > Walkthrough </a> |
| [ HTB ] UnderPass           | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-UnderPass"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] LinkVortex           | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-LinkVortex"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Soulmate         | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Soulmate/"> Active  </a> __(hints)__|
| [ HTB ] Validation         | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Validation/"> Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] EscapeTwo      | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-EscapeTwo/" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Chemistry       | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Chemistry" >  Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Object          | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Object/" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Administrator    | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Administrator" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ THM ]  Year of the Owl | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Year-of-the-Owl/" >  Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Buff            | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Buff" >  Walkthrough <a> __(_No root)___ |
| [ HTB ] TombWatcher      | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-TombWatcher" > Active </a> __(hints)__|
| [ HTB ]  Optimum        | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Optimum" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Certified      | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Certified" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Antique      | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Antique" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Fluffy        | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Fluffy" > Walkthrough <a> | 
| [ HTB ] Artificial   | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Artificial" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Nunchucks    | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Nunchucks" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ]  Valentine     | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Valentine/" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ]     BoardLight     | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-BoardLight" > Walkthrough <a> |
| Summer Scool Mid CTF | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/SSSV12/tree/main"> Walkthrough </a>  __( Not Translated )__




| SEZ9 - HTB                                    | HINT         |
|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------|
| [ HTB ] Expressway     | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-SEZ9-Expressway/" > HINTs <a> |
| [ HTB ] Imagery | SKIP |
| [ HTB ] DarkZero |  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-SEZ9-DarkZero" > HINTs <a> |
| [ HTB ] Signed | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Signed" > HINTs <a> |
| [ HTB ]  Hercules | SKIP |
| [ HTB ]  Conversor | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Conversor" > HINTs <a> |
| [ HTB ]  Giveback | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Giveback" > HINTs <a> |
| [ HTB ]  NanoCorp | SKIP |
| [ HTB ] Eighteen | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Eighteen" > HINTs ( No root ) |






## Easy CTF
 __THM__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Lo-Fi"> Lo-Fi </a>
 
__THM__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Ignite"> Ignite </a>

__HTB__ ->   <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Jerry"> Jerry </a>

__HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Blue/"> Blue </a>

__HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-BoardLight" > BoardLight <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-UnderPass"> UnderPass </a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Bastion" > Bastion </a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Nunchucks" > Nunchucks <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-LinkVortex"> LinkVortex </a>

__HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Validation/"> Validation <a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-EscapeTwo/" > EscapeTwo <a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Legacy" > Legacy </a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Backdoor/"> Backdoor </a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Bank" > Bank </a>

__HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Buff" > Buff <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Chemistry" > Chemistry <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Antique" > Antique <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Optimum" > Optimum <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Fluffy" > Fluffy <a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Valentine/" > Valentine <a> 

## Medium CTF

__THM__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-UltraTech"> UltraTech </a>

__HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Administrator" > Administrator </a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Certified" > Certified <a> 

## Hard CTF

 __HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Object/" > Object </a>
 
 __THM__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Year-of-the-Owl/" > Year of the Owl </a>

Commit message:

Update README to remove UNR26-Prep and add CyberEdu
Removed UNR26-Prep section and added CyberEdu labs walkthroughs.

README.md, after:

# Hi ! I'm Sebi.
[![HTB](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTB-%23FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=hackthebox&logoColor=white)](https://app.hackthebox.com/users/1965214)
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/stan-sebastian-undefined-89263b333/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0072b1?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>
[![THM](https://img.shields.io/badge/THM-Blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=tryhackme&logoColor=white)](https://tryhackme.com/p/stansebastian215)

I m a student passionate about cybersecurity . Working consistently to improve my skills.

## Objective

My main goal is to explore the world of cybersecurity, learn new practical skills, and solve Capture The Flag (CTF) to deepen my knowledge with hands-on experience

## Scripts 

| SfLp |  Description |
|-----| -------|
| <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/SfLp"> WoGr | WriteOwner -> Group -> GenericWrite |


## Labs

| Labs                                         | Labs Writeup          |
|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------|
| [ HTB ] Bastion       | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Bastion" > Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Backdoor      | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Backdoor/" > Walkthrough </a>|
| [ THM ] Lo-Fi          | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Lo-Fi" > Walkthrough </a>|
| [ THM ] Ignite           |<a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Ignite"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ THM ] UltraTech         | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-UltraTech"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Jerry           | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Jerry"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Blue             | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Blue/"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Legacy           | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Legacy" > Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Bank            | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Bank" > Walkthrough </a> |
| [ HTB ] UnderPass           | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-UnderPass"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] LinkVortex           | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-LinkVortex"> Walkthrough </a>|
| [ HTB ] Soulmate         | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Soulmate/"> Active  </a> __(hints)__|
| [ HTB ] Validation         | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Validation/"> Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] EscapeTwo      | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-EscapeTwo/" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Chemistry       | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Chemistry" >  Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Object          | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Object/" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Administrator    | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Administrator" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ THM ]  Year of the Owl | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Year-of-the-Owl/" >  Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Buff            | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Buff" >  Walkthrough <a> __(_No root)___ |
| [ HTB ] TombWatcher      | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-TombWatcher" > Active </a> __(hints)__|
| [ HTB ]  Optimum        | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Optimum" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Certified      | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Certified" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Antique      | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Antique" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Fluffy        | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Fluffy" > Walkthrough <a> | 
| [ CyberEdu ]        | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/shark">  Walkthrough <a>  __( Not Translated )__ |
| [ CyberEdu ]        | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/schematics"> Walkthrough <a> __( Not Translated )__ |
| [ HTB ] Artificial   | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Artificial" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ] Nunchucks    | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Nunchucks" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ]  Valentine     | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Valentine/" > Walkthrough <a> |
| [ HTB ]     BoardLight     | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-BoardLight" > Walkthrough <a> |
| Summer Scool Mid CTF | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/SSSV12/tree/main"> Walkthrough </a>  __( Not Translated )__




| SEZ9 - HTB                                    | HINT         |
|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------|
| [ HTB ] Expressway     | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-SEZ9-Expressway/" > HINTs <a> |
| [ HTB ] Imagery | SKIP |
| [ HTB ] DarkZero |  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-SEZ9-DarkZero" > HINTs <a> |
| [ HTB ] Signed | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Signed" > HINTs <a> |
| [ HTB ]  Hercules | SKIP |
| [ HTB ]  Conversor | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Conversor" > HINTs <a> |
| [ HTB ]  Giveback | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Giveback" > HINTs <a> |
| [ HTB ]  NanoCorp | SKIP |
| [ HTB ] Eighteen | <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Eighteen" > HINTs ( No root ) |






## Easy CTF
 __THM__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Lo-Fi"> Lo-Fi </a>
 
__THM__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Ignite"> Ignite </a>

__HTB__ ->   <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Jerry"> Jerry </a>

__HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Blue/"> Blue </a>

__HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-BoardLight" > BoardLight <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-UnderPass"> UnderPass </a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Bastion" > Bastion </a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Nunchucks" > Nunchucks <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-LinkVortex"> LinkVortex </a>

__HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Validation/"> Validation <a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-EscapeTwo/" > EscapeTwo <a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Legacy" > Legacy </a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Backdoor/"> Backdoor </a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Bank" > Bank </a>

__HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Buff" > Buff <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Chemistry" > Chemistry <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Antique" > Antique <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Optimum" > Optimum <a> 

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Fluffy" > Fluffy <a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Valentine/" > Valentine <a> 

## Medium CTF

__THM__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-UltraTech"> UltraTech </a>

__HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Administrator" > Administrator </a>

__HTB__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Certified" > Certified <a> 

## Hard CTF

 __HTB__ ->  <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-HTB-Object/" > Object </a>
 
 __THM__ -> <a href="https://github.com/Seby26Dev/-THM-Year-of-the-Owl/" > Year of the Owl </a>
